That's terrible.
The dinosaurs are not as good as this time.
It turned out to be eight pieces
Wuji is dangerous
Sect Master Ouyang
Admit defeat, this night Wuji
It will never be a match for a grandmaster
Eighth Grade Grandmaster
You have become a grandmaster
I hate people who don't know the so-called
You bunch of ants
Why don't you know to accept your fate?
I don't have these two words in my dictionary
Gentleman keeps improving himself
If you accept your fate and don't fight the injustice of the world
What's the difference between that and a dead person?
It's as annoying as mosquitoes in summer
You don't know what to do
Should be slapped to death
It's not certain who will die
70 Senior, with my current acupuncture points
Can open several primordial treasures
Master is now a 7th grade cultivation base
Plus the previous breakthrough of sixth grade
You can now open a total of two original treasures.
Open all to open the sixth original treasure
Obtain a drop of Wannian Spirit Liquid
You can ignore the realm and forcibly improve the cultivation base of the first grade
Open the seventh primordial treasure
Obtain a Pill of Enlightenment
Can make any practice secretary
Raise to the divine level beyond the heavenly level
Okay, just use the Wannian Spirit Liquid